docs rework (#1264)
hyperledger-labs/fabric-token-sdk: docs/tokensdk.md

## Introduction

The Fabric Token-SDK (FTS, for short) is set of APIs and services for building token-based applications on Hyperledger Fabric, and potentially other platforms.

The key Features are:
* Uses the `Unspent Transaction Output` (UTXO) model for tracking token movements.
* Manages cryptographic keys through `Wallets`, keeping track of owned unspent outputs.
* Supports `various privacy levels`, from fully transparent to Zero-Knowledge Proofs for obfuscating transaction details.
* Allows developers to create `custom services` on top of the core API for specific application needs.

The Fabric Token SDK stack consists of several layers:
* Services: Pre-built functionalities like assembling transactions and selecting unspent tokens.
* Token API: Provides a common abstraction for interacting with tokens across different backends.
* Driver API: Translates generic token operations into backend-specific calls (e.g., Fabric).
* Drivers: Define token representation, operations, and validation rules for specific implementations.

The SDK leverages the Fabric Smart Client stack for complex workflows, secure storage, and event listening.

> The Fabric Token SDK has evolved beyond its initial focus on Hyperledger Fabric.

Reviewer: The sentence is unclear because it suggests the SDK expanded beyond Hyperledger Fabric but then mentions Fabric again, which is redundant. Consider rephrasing to clarify that the SDK now supports multiple platforms while still supporting Fabric. For example:

> Originally designed for Hyperledger Fabric, the SDK now supports other permissioned blockchains while continuing to work with Fabric.

It now empowers developers with the following capabilities across various platforms, including permissioned blockchains like Fabric:

> * **Tokenization Made Easy:** Create tokens representing any type of asset, be it physical or digital.

Reviewer: This list kind of repeat data from the above features list. Consider merge or explain why both lists are required.

* **Privacy by Design:** Select the appropriate privacy level for your specific use case, without modifying your application logic.
* **Peer-to-Peer Transactions:** Orchestrate token transfers directly between users, streamlining the process.
* **Atomic Swaps:** Facilitate secure exchanges of different tokens without relying on intermediaries.
* **Transaction Auditing:** Review transactions before they are finalized, ensuring accuracy and compliance.
* **Interoperability:** Connect with token systems on other blockchain networks, fostering broader ecosystems.
* **Seamless Integration:** Add a token layer to existing applications, regardless of platform, with minimal effort.

## Consumer Interaction Model

The Token-SDK APIs are consumed by developers to perform various token-related operations.
The developers must decide how to configure the Token-SDK to achieve the intended goals.
Moreover, they are also responsible for defining the initial content of the datasource used by the Token-SDK.

> ## Requirements and Use Cases

Reviewer: I don't see any use cases listed below.

Token-based applications that require:
- Privacy;
- Bankend agnostic;

## Prerequisites, Dependencies, Dependents, and Incompatibilities

The SDK leverages the following related projects:
- [`Fabric Smart Client (FSC, for short)`](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-smart-client): For complex workflows orchestration, secure storage, and event listening.
- [`Idemix`](https://github.com/IBM/idemix): For the anonymous credentials.
- [`Mathlib`](https://github.com/IBM/mathlib): For the elliptic curve math operations.

The system administrator is responsible for preparing:

- `Configuration`: FTS needs to be configured accordingly to the specific use-case.
  FTS uses the FSC's `config service` to access its configuration.
  An example of such a configuration can be found [`here`](./core-token.md).

> - `Data storage`: FTS requires an SQL data source to store relevant information for its functioning.

Reviewer: How should the administrator provide access to the SQL source? Should this line include a reference to some relevant documentation?

- `HSM`: When relevant to store secret keys.
- `External Key Store`: When relevant to store secret keys

In some configurations, FTS might run in a container that is volume-less.

> Other pre-requisites come from the Fabric Smart Client directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other pre-requisites come from the FSC directly.
```

It is provided as a mean of preconfiguring public parameters, token chaincode, and so on.

For a complete list of available commands, see this [`page`](./../cmd/tokengen/README.md).

## Performance, Scalability, and Resource Consumption

The Token-SDK handles the entire lifecycle of a token transactions.
Different parts of the Token-SDK will run on different network nodes with different roles.
The careful orchestration of their interactions guarantees that a token transaction is successfully processed.

## Serviceability, Logging and Troubleshooting

The Token-SDK uses the logging infrastructure offered by the Fabric Smart Client.

## Monitoring, Metrics and Events

The Token-SDK adopts the monitoring infrastructure provided by the [`Fabric Smart Client`](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/fabric-smart-client/blob/main/docs/platform/view/monitoring.md).

We use the following two methods to monitor the performance of the application:
* **Metrics** provide an overview of the overall system performance using aggregated results, e.g. total requests, requests per second, current state of a variable, average duration, percentile of duration

> * **Traces** help us analyze single requests by breaking down their lifecycles into smaller components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Traces** help analyze single requests by breaking down their lifecycles into smaller components
```
